so aaron yarmell decided to
pretend that he has a personality
but he doesn't they would have gotten
away with it
and they almost did it wasn't before
the good friend got the [ __ ] repeat
after me
i have no talent i
have no talent i got myself a whole big
box of nine millimeter jacketed hollow
point 115 grand bullets
and i paid an escort to climb way up on
that ladder and drop it on my head you
think i was protected from that no i was
not
the only thing i ended up with with us
was a subdural hematoma
my brain was redder than the kool-aid
man and
it just goes to show you that these
vaccines don't do anything they don't
protect
i have no talent mr tentacles has
all the talent mr tentacles has all the
talent
if i'm lucky some of mr tentacles talent
may rub off on me the weird thing about
aaron yarmel
is that he's really really bad at
maybe two things that i happen to be
good at
i only think i'm good at three things
and one of them is completely illegal
to do on youtube topic for another video
but
like to do youtube
doesn't really require talent it doesn't
doesn't
require intelligence hell stupidity is
an advantage i'll get into that in a
minute
but it requires really high levels
of honesty and personal integrity that
aaron yarmel
utterly lacks and you know what i think
philosophy
not just reading philosophy not just
researching philosophy
not just philosophy on a chalkboard in a
classroom
but getting out and teaching philosophy
and engaging
with philosophy publicly that also
requires this really high level of
like honesty and integrity that aaron
yarmel totally lacks
also his comedy videos are not funny and
he has
no personality but yeah i've gotten
scabies i've gotten shingles i've gotten
syphilis i've gotten the thing that
sailors get when they're on the vitamin
c
i haven't got a subdural hematoma when
that escort dropped a box of bullets on
my head the other day
so social justice ain't kind of
protective enough it's interesting it's
interesting that he decided to change
course
and upload comedy videos when apart
from having a phd apart from
having a charity that he created himself
and that we're all going to pretend
really exists in the real world because
he lists it on his resume and
has his own website yeah congrats like
he has all this privilege
but he has the greatest privilege of
all and i want you all to look in the
mirror and ask yourself
if you have this privilege and that is
stupid conformist privilege
if you're stupid and you're a rebel that
really doesn't bring a whole lot of
privilege into your life
you take a minute and look at the
interviews aaron yarmel
managed to line up and this guy gets
like a solid 50 views
per video like his his range is between
50 views and like 250 and no no shade
for that
but like he's getting people like priya
from direct action everywhere and roger
gates
and all these other people lining up to
support him and lining up to do
interviews on his channel why why why
why you know why these people
know these people are they feel
confident
that aaron yarmel is not going to ask
them any
challenging questions whatsoever they
know
he is a stupid conformist
and and that is in our society and
especially on the internet
the greatest privilege of all and what
does he do
he wants to be instagram famous like
everyone else he does this
frankly disgusting fake redneck accent
and he starts trying to do comedy videos
he starts trying
to have a personality now just just look
for one second here
at what he says about his mission i
think he'll see why like it feels to me
sometimes
like aaron yarmel's life is
this unintentional parody of like
repressed
aspects of my own personalities i would
never i would never make these mistakes
but like i can i can relate to it on a
deep level like i
i remember what it was like being 12
years old and being stupid and fatuous
enough to think this way
quote philosophy is a living part of our
shared heritage and we believe that
everyone should have access to it
no no so look he's talking about running
these programs
to teach philosophy to children so so
what am i doing
i isil mazar i i wrote children's story
books
about socrates right i wrote
about the philosophy of veganism right
it makes it accessible and related
but those are children's story books
i do not have this delusion that like
the average man wishes to have access to
the philosophy of confucius
and just lacks it like the average man
in the street
is clamoring for the wit and wisdom
of emmanuel kant and gwf
hegel or even socrates and aristotle
like i truly understand
and profoundly sympathize with the fact
that
99 of people if they ever picked up one
of those books
would look at it say this is horseshit
this is not relevant to my life this is
not meaningful
close it put it down and never want to
reading it and they're right
i actually respect the common man i
actually have some what's the right word
i value their opinion more than i value
aaron yarmel's like he represents this
absurdly
privileged uh university elite
perspective
he comes out of a classical music
background by the way that that fits
perfectly and fits perfectly with this
thing of him
putting on a jean jacket and ridiculing
the rednecks oh
oh let me put on a funny accent and
pretend i understand the mentality of an
anti-vaxxer it's really toxic it's
really shitty what he's doing here
but i mean this is this is part and
parcel of this package of privilege
but you imagine that these books on the
shelf that
maybe just maybe are special and
meaningful to you
in your life like i can be honest about
that too right i can talk about
the very strange sense in which
aristotle
is meaningful to me in my life but
because i have honesty
and because i have integrity i can say
by the same token
i recognize why it won't be meaningful
to you and you and you why it won't be
meaningful
to 99 of people and i can sit here and
talk about and joke about
yeah you know aristotle is meaningful to
me in this particular way
i don't expect anyone else to get it my
own mother doesn't get it my own
father's now deceased didn't get it
my own sister was a phd in philosophy
doesn't get it most people
this won't be meaningful but it's
meaningful to me and here's why hey you
know buddhist philosophy
i don't pretend this is a message for
everyone i don't think he's going to
help her
hey you know what if you're interested
in the question about
why and how slavery was abolished in the
history of thailand
this is going to be interesting
rewarding you like if there's some
particular reason
that makes philosophy matter to you and
why this is prior to your life why you
relate to the text
and children don't have that in that
case it's not 99
it's a hundred percent a hundred percent
of children it's not the case that
they're clamoring for
access to socrates plato aristotle
emmanuel kant
you choose and they just can't get it
because there isn't this
charity run by an [ __ ] like aaron
yarmel
making it accessible them no they're
profoundly
genuinely sincerely not interested
that's a rational decision they're
making in their own interest you know
what they are interested in
lego they're interested in lego [ __ ]
face up to it and you know what 20 year
olds and 30 year olds and 40 year olds
are into
the equivalent of [ __ ] lego they go
to the lego movie
they're interested in lego porn on
pornhub they want
lego too they want horseshit just like
lego that's what's meaningful in their
lives it's not the case that they want
philosophy
and can't get access to it and they need
someone from the ivory tower to deign to
make it accessible
like this is what doing youtube
requires profound radical
honesty honesty with yourself honesty
about your own [ __ ]
and sure if you've got a personality
every so
often you can come on and have a laugh
about somebody else's [ __ ] too